Update installation instructions for Rorqual (#1566)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/installation/digital_alliance.rst

  export DEAL_II_DIR=$HOME/dealii/inst/
  export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/lethe/inst/bin/

> This file will need to be sourced everytime you launch a job or that you compile deal.II or Lethe. Once the file has been created, you can then source it on the terminal with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file needs to be sourced every time you launch a job or you compile deal.II and/or Lethe. Once the file has been created, you can then source it on the terminal with:
```

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

  source $HOME/.dealii

> and use it in your ``.sh`` script (see Launching simulations below). Although Lethe always supports the master branch of deal.II, we maintain an identical deal.II fork on the Lethe repository. This fork is always tested to make sure it works with Lethe. To clone the deal.II fork github repository, execute in ``$HOME/dealii`` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use it in your ``.sh`` script (see Launching simulations below). 

Although Lethe always supports the master branch of deal.II, we maintain an identical deal.II fork on the Lethe repository. This fork is always tested to make sure it works with Lethe. To clone the deal.II fork github repository, execute in ``$HOME/dealii`` directory:
```

  export DEAL_II_DIR=$HOME/dealii/inst/
  export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/lethe/inst/bin/

This file needs to be sourced every time you launch a job or you compile deal.II and/or Lethe. Once the file has been created, you can then source it on the terminal with:

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

  source $HOME/.dealii

> and use it in your ``.sh`` script (see :ref:`Launching Simulations<Launching Simulations>` below). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and use it in your ``.sh`` script when launching a job (see :ref:`Launching Simulations<Launching Simulations>` below). 
```

> Although Lethe always supports the master branch of deal.II, we maintain an identical deal.II fork on the Lethe repository. This fork is always tested to make sure it works with Lethe. To clone the deal.II fork github repository, execute in ``$HOME/dealii`` directory:

Reviewer 2: The fork is not on the Lethe repository. It is on the Chaos organisation.

> .. tip::

Reviewer 3: I feel like this is more like "important" than a tip, but that's all fine

Author: Yeah that's true, not sure what would be the alternative word though...

  If you are using Niagara, you should add ``-DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=skylake-avx512"`` to enable AVX-512 instructions.

.. tip::

  If you are using Rorqual, you should add ``-DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=znver4"`` to enable AVX-512 instructions.

and:

.. code-block:: text
  :class: copy-button

  nice ninja -j6 install

> The argument ``-jX`` specifies the number of processors used for the compilation. On login nodes, a maximum of 6 cores should be used in order to ensure that other users can continue using the cluster without slowdowns. If you use more than 6 cores, your compilation may be terminated automatically.

Reviewer 3: Can you add a comment on the purpose of "nice"?

Author: It is a standard Linux command, so I am not sure what is needed? We should kinda always launch stuff on the cluster with nice on the login node to prevent clogging it.

Reviewer 2: FYI, -j8 work for me. Never failled during compilation. -j10 fails sometimes.

Author: On rorqual I got cancelled for -j8 thus far, even with nice, so I'd rather be pessimistic than provide something that breaks sometimes :).

  cd $SCRATCH
  pwd

> On Windows, use third-party, such as ``PuTTY`` or ``WSL`` (see the `wiki page on Transferring data <https://docs.computecanada.ca/wiki/Transferring_data>`_))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, use third-party, such as ``PuTTY`` or ``WSL`` (see the `wiki page on Transferring data <https://docs.computecanada.ca/wiki/Transferring_data>`_).
```

  #!/bin/bash
  #SBATCH --account=$yourgroupaccount

>   #SBATCH --ntasks-per-node=$X #number of parallel tasks per node. When using a full node, this should correspond to the number of cores available on the node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #SBATCH --ntasks-per-node=$X #number of parallel tasks per node.
```

Reviewer: I would put the rest of the comment (`When using a full node, this should correspond to the number of cores available on the node.`) after the code block because like this you have to scroll in the block to see the complete comment.

  ssh-keygen -t ed25519

.. note::

>   ED25519 keys are preferred to RSA keys since they are more secure and performant. Seek more information in the `Gitlab Documentation <https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/ssh.html>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ED25519 keys are preferred to RSA keys since they are more secure and performant. Seek more information in the `GitLab Documentation <https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/ssh.html>`_.
```
